The teaching took place on November 24, 2013, after the consecration of the Tathagata Reliquary St
upa Memorial, after the consecration of the Tathagata Reliquary Stupa Memorial, after the consec
ration of the Tathagata Reliquary Stupa Memorial, after the consecration of the Tathagrad
Reliquary Stupa Memorial, after the consecration of the Tathagrad
upper Buddha cosmones and then in Buddha rich enlightenment at 35. According to one of the
changed source in the around ed 14 he went to tushita heaven to great equal to his mother.
Mother and Gita were known as the sutta that great equal to mother he gave the city and he spent
35, 37, 32 up in the tushita heaven. During that time according to the teachings the many
devotees of the shavastha lay practitioners, practitioners missed Buddha very much
and a recursion to mongol putra please could you come to Buddha came they say or came down to the
earth because we human beings cannot reach to the tushita heaven the gods can come
to this earth therefore thinking of our us and with of course the Buddha is so kind
and so compression to everyone one and so could you please give these messages as there of course
to the mongol putra in the teaching say the moment the youthful person the youthful healthy person
when he extended the arm extended and bend in straight up straight in that moment mongol putra
please appear in the Gita mangrove and appear right in front of the Buddha the greatest teacher
buddha shakti monins with greater respect and the appreciations then he paid to the Buddha and he
gave the message and Buddha said I will come back to the earth after one week and as Buddha said
that
accept the recursion and again mongol putra did the same thing as youthful healthy person
straight arm and bend in that moment he disappeared from the tushita heaven in front of the buddha
shakti community and descended in a bird right in front of the of the owners of their practicing
and that according to very Buddhist value this is the day that Buddha descended from heaven
it is considering one of the very special day there of the enlightenment there of the
marriage stories there of the multiply so many different beautiful marriage and therefore
throughout the history of the great Buddhism they do a lot of celebrations a lot of marriage
activities
and today we are are dedicating this very special monuments that one we hope that we are able to
book but this beautiful monument not just only this but we are able to build so many beautiful
monuments to honor of our great teacher around the whole through your support through your health
together we built this beautiful monument we lost the great teacher together we cried together
we walked together and we built with this monument of the love and kindness and compassion
this is the monument of the peace this is the monument of love and the compassion and devotion
and joy together with birth today in a way celebrating of this this our beautiful even
and dedicating this merit to be benefited to all beings in the vahayana teaching said extend our
good attitude and thank you not just limited but beyond to every every boundaries and dedicated to
everyone even they don't like us even they hate this support them to benefit to everyone not just
the only now now but also for future continually to benefit all the same things and as well as the
teaching of the Buddha Chaturmani because teaching of the Buddha Chaturmani is always in the
teaching
say it's the source of every joy and peace and happiness and therefore we dedicate it to this
also monument and good deed to extend it to ever last a long time teaching of the Buddha Chaturmani
and wholeness of all the teachings that means nayana teachings from the post-buddha's teaching
all the way to the bahayana state all the gopjic state all those great teachers we wish them to
stay a long life and stay continue help and expanding their novel activities to everywhere
every directions this is what we really dedicated this so we are i'm so delighted and so happy to
everyone you ever to come join together and share this moment together in this holy space in this
beautiful place this is also as many of you know this is known as known as the birthplace
of the buddhism lumini is the birthplace of the Buddha Chaturmani but this saranath or the
dear past this is the birthplace of the buddhism from here it spread the message of the Buddha
and gracious teacher every corner and every directions so we celebrated this very beautiful
Christmas so this and so i'm so happy now talking about the thinking of the thinking of the kinti
bhadi shirambhuti many of you know already and few of you know don't maybe know kinti bhadi shiramb
huti
was the one of the great masters teacher humble who contributed so much for the buddha dharma
for the tavada cultures cultures one of the great master even he was very low key he was simple
but he did so much around the world in this country for the tavadins and the buddha dharmas
dharmas and this was the great he was one of the great teachers of the 21st century or 20 centuries
and he was born in east tavadins and raised up up as noble family very simple families
as tradition he trained was trained by his great grandfather and as well as father and he able to
meet so many great teachers around the village around areas and he contracted through the
inspirations and encouragement of the his parents and as well as his premise when he was he also he
was quite smart and genius moment he had contracted with those great masters here when he received
the
teaching he was he absorbed those teachings teachings were not just is the hovering on the
intergalactic state on the brain and just the talk but he absorbed the teaching on the heart
heart truly become the one of the great students and great practitioners around the age of 15
he was then able to join to the one of the very renowned monastic institute in eastern tavade
known as roboji monasteries roboji monastery was the one of the great and oldest monasteries in
in eastern tavade one of them it was established around 11th century over the end of the 10th
century 11th century considering one of the very old monasteries of the tavade in eastern tavade
and even within these monasteries he ever to contract to many great masters particularly
great learned master from katou monastery which also katou monastery is very famous and old
monasteries one of the very renowned new monasteries and often you say katou monastery is like
similar
as the vedya budgaya and there is so many great master come one after another throughout the
story all the battle monasteries established around the 11th century and continually become
the source of great inspiration source of the dharma source of the learning and starting
meditators so many great master come one after another from that monasteries renowned great
teacher came for that scholar master of the naryanas that came to the roboji monastery and
taught with selected many students and among that one of the very bright building student was
katou by the choromachi he studied all the teachings and he was very as i said quite
smart and quite intelligent the moment he received the teachings he also understand everything very
well and because of the knowledge his understanding and his intelligence the effort but report to
that
the his teacher the root teacher kenchi danjic was so pleased of his well behaved in his
diligence his understanding and all the teachings and as well as the manekana class master everyone
is appreciated his knowledge his understanding and this was great this teacher and who have
completed his study teaching at the same time and in the end of the 1959s when the gradients are
facing the mostly difficult time in their histories at that time and he left with his families and
finally able to become indians in india he also contributed so many things but regularly at that
time the gradients are very wicked very cruel and they lost almost everything they lost the country
they lost almost their cultures their family separated and a very worst time almost a time
just dusty to status at that time kenki parti hero which was also one of the bright
and courageous ones who kind of come and join with those great master under the leadership
of the his owners dalalama and his owners dunyurman head of the new one suppose at that time he
ever
joined and walked a little bit there and as in the tibeti dulce lifting up the carpet in four
corners
corners in every way lifting up the tibeti buddhisms and their intelligence and cultures
according everyone's capabilities bigger ones join the bigger and the medium wants to join the
medium
and a small ones to join the small but everyone is joined together as one united great this master
's
teachers who brought up the lives of the tibeti cartoon and tibeti buddhism and it's very
inheritance and they asked as the weakest of the his owners dunyurman head and as well as weakest
of the kenki parti hero himself then also he came to waranasi waranasi saran he walked so hard to
build this university called tibeti university or the tibeti institute he walked so hard to
establish
it is institute and he was the founding members of this great institute at the beginning for so
much effort at that time himma has department as only nine students and for 10 students that time
medicine they don't have the college of the two have 10 students only as students he fought for
that right and he got 10 students at that time the gradually it increased when kenki parti
hero is living in the in this post of the institute as a teacher or the lecturer or the director of
the
nima department that time already raised up about 80 or 80 students he become the second largest
student among the then the yellow yellow police has more students over 200 that time the nima has
almost a priority the hundred or 80 or 80 students becoming the second biggest because his hard
ball
his his effort for so much effort that how that work and then when he left the institute and he
continued to walk as he said but around the world and around all the world he went he did the
authentic buddhist he did it with delusions taking but he kept the authentic essential
as the quality is terrible exactly as yesterday as did in tibeti as during his great teachers in
india
now he kept the same syllables not not the rooted or compromising that he kept authenticity and
all over the world and complete all those benefits and complete all these benefits and activities
with this then he entered mahapar in manana and he ate seven fruits he come to that when he entered
mahapar in the manas and he will sign in the education what he built and what he saw so it
witnessed by the teachings and the chapters as great master when he entered mahapar in the manan
during the practice and not just the master name of the master but true master master who kept the
dharma so close to their heart heart will they enter their practice today in an actualizer will
they enter the mahapar in the manana what they were going to happen those are explained in the
tantra teachings in the minutes of the teachings and he appeared entirely as a ghost he validated
for four days in half and that was right time before the time in the city weapons every still
longer time we didn't worry because in the country law don't allow to keep the body no matter
whoever
there can't allow to keep boarding for long time we know that touching and all those instructions
we have to follow a qadat dharma but we worry how we do we have to do the spiritual prayer to
release
the meditation states that we taught to do those things the end of all those time and right that
time exciting time he came out of the meditations and during that time there is a sound efforts
rego effort archway pain exiling all those teaching method that happened he witnessed by those his
come during the meditator his compartment was so bright so plain and so youthful status
status and that is the great this thinking by the heroines when we look to back his life life
things
you know always in the teaching use the city teaching i mean say always to prepare the two
goals two goals all the two purposes in it but they say the toni toni purpose two two things
purpose of the one's own realizations that will rely on their own nature of the mind and cleanse
and purify all the negativities and obscurations obstacles because of that you become the
enlightened means while you become the enlightenment as a buddha and benefited to all beings always
fulfill it therefore two purpose the purpose that will help to yourself recently post and second
then
benefited to the other beings and the teachings when you're looking back to thinking of that
i think he did quite good he actualized his purpose quite well through the meds studying
contemplation and meditation he got beautiful realizations very high realization
he preferred what he needed what he
so he achieved his beautiful goal goals and to benefit with other beings always said in
the teaching to benefit for other beings by the teaching dialogue or the debating and the
compulsions when we're thinking of that he did these three things he taught taught so many
teachings or thirdly teachings as i said exactly buddha dharma that's buddha give the teaching
as great master gurukkumma sambhava give the teaching as great master chetarakta gave the
teaching as great master kungjimpa all those masters the kamalini themalini whatever that
they used to give form of the banner of the teaching he truly did these things things he
gave the teachings and as he gave the teachings and also he begged that teaching not just the
teaching that he gave the like scholarly ways and just giving some lectures to everyone but he
talked from his heart his knowledge his realization he gave met every student understandably
made understandable not just a wake talk and then left the places he stayed behind the wall
the teaching what he said make sure that everyone has to understand what the teaching is what the
meaning is whatever the topic is whether is the minaya topic whether is the sukara topic whether
is the abhidharma teaching or whether is related with those teachings about by the great masters
master he completed made understandable those teachings and then he composed so many books
in it to be to be in style he voted about three volumes that covers the different part
the different aspects and topics of the buddha teachings as the best on the nayana teachings
all three basket of teachings such as sutra of vinaya sutra and abhidharma all the medayana
teachings
teachings or as well as in nayana teachings a holy nayana teaching that covers all those nayana
teachings that books all in so to say three volumes in a very languages and over 30 books
that he wrote wrote wrote in english and spanish and russian languages languages and those are
well beautifully presented teaching according to what they can understand as they said as his
teaching was so clear distant and meant more meaningful more adaptable more understandable
teaching is going to foreign countries not just the teaching is going to the old the
gradients those who are practically presented by the kindness and the greatness of the
mora penma sambhava kentu so that the great master shandaraka they established and so on so many
great masters uphold that teaching so teaching was continually established well bonded in the
debating mentality in the debated brains but teaching goes into the different countries
and that this is not the same way way so therefore his message the teachings are so
played as simple as can be adopted by whoever read those books whoever read and practice they can
pretty much can follow with those things so you know all those little things things so this is
what the great master kentu partition of it very life stories stories now because of this great
master in terms of mahaparin nirvana about three years ever since we worked very hard with as well
as many sangha members as many of you are here and some of those people couldn't come there but
anyway everyone has one intention to act and glorify remembering of our greatest teacher
kentu partition is so important so straight according to any activity as you know everybody knows
qualified teachers is buddha and dhamma and sangha and in body matter all the buddha dhamma sangha
and all the techniques the qualified teacher is gurus and is dham is dakim all the gurus
teachers deeds and dakim and in some ways he said the qualified teacher is in body matter all the
teachers and all the buddhas and all the buddhas grand past and welcome future and is now in the
different universe of the feelings all presented by this qualified teacher who are we have
opportunity
conquered kentu partition which truly was one of the qualified teacher there is a lot of qualified
frequency explaining that buddha teachings a holy vinya a holy sattara a holy vedayana when you
read
those qualifications and come match to the activities of the kentu partition body
his standing body claimed and told and stoned without all the commitments therefore he was one
of the greatest teachers and therefore he is truly qualified master qualified master as he said
is in body matter all buddhas enlightened beings so today we build the monuments that represent
all the buddhas all the enlightened beings the past buddha version of buddha and future buddha
and buddha dhamma sangha and bodhisattvas aharthas everyone is present and so since ever since
again
this special monument we've worked very hard so i'd like to thank very much for everyone
whose support to this beautiful monument and thank everyone thank everyone
and again to build this monument and of course everyone's so support and so helpful but need
to activate this this respect of the monument particularly everywhere we build and to do
in particular this one this one so for that reason i'd like to thank you to go home who
stand behind this project from the beginning in the middle to end to complete and witnessed
by this monument so i'd like to thank you
and everywhere and helping and supporting and also to do all this like these landscapes
and everything so i'd like to thank you very much
and then along with that then yeah he was just like here like mother and a teacher
and to all these nuns and great friends to everyone's support and they go together as a
group wherever they go who maybe you see as a group a team everywhere and i'd like to thank
you very much also he was also like acting father and a mother and a friend
and assistant our all the young moms so thank you very much
through this effort and then also i'd like to thank you very much
in the dark they were building monuments in russia on the corner to be the essence of the mongol
on the kiki party ceremony enlightenment super and my big effort effort and about five feet
feet and build when the craftsmen from neko neko and both coming i had great opportunity to be
there
and celebrating and consecrating and installed the brother relics from vishali the authentic
brother relics that what we saw last week in the maha'u'llah temple we had the audience that same
relics that he got from vishali source from vishali and we able to put this so thank you very much
and then we able to go to beautiful monuments this beautiful this in like stupas
in kibet kibet in the road monastery where he started started and as he said and then as well
as the gucci monastery where he was born his inactive monasteries and they again enlightened
stupa both they both the same size about a letter over five feet feet beautiful craftsmen the best
kramis craftsmen in today that ever they crafted and the bird and he stole so many relics from the
from the buddha from mahaka shappa and as well as the european assembly king soya from kama and
a dharma and the great masters of the kaji lineages and so many other great masters from
the different schools of the to be the british in stone so we able to do that and then we able to
build our hundred hundred twelve honor of the kiki party here in mochi and add stupa same add stupa
12 add times 12 12 and 100 i think 15 stupa believe something and apple juice so is this all
completed and today together we are celebrating and dedicating these virtues so i like to thank you
very much to all of you thank you so that is a brilliant talk about the kiki party in
english and now i talk really i think many of you already know because everyone knows
now english so but i talk a little bit about it in to bed so